So now for the important part.
Testing isn't a real phone for this I'm reinstalling the expo client on my iPhone so that all the permissions
I did set up there in the past during testing and so on are resets so that they can showed us from scratch
and I opened up my Expo death window in the browser here but it was always open but now I brought home
the screen so that we have to bar code there to scan.
So with that we can of course scanned this with the help of the camera application here which at point
that the barcode is so that I can tap this to open it on Android you have to scan or in the Expo app
but I'll show this in a second.
Got that.
Here's the app and now I can add a place test this.
And now you'll see something interesting.
If I click take image I'm asked for permissions and I click.
OK but now it is will actually fail.
You'll see that warning here at the bottom.
This failed.
Note the reason for why it has failed is that I'm asking for the wrong permission here in the image
picker.
Now previously I had to change this because on the simulator I was also getting an error.
Dear notice should actually be fixed by not just asking for the camera roll permission here but also
you can simply add a second argument here for permissions camera.
So we need both camera and camera roll.
Now previously changing this to camera roll fixed the issue because well we did ask for the camera permission
first but in the end you need to ask for both and whenever you reinstall the expo client or relaunched
the app on a new device you definitely need to ask for both.
For this to work so make sure you do ask for both.
And with that added with both permissions added here.
This will now always work because now we're asking for both permissions even though we're only using
the camera here.
But since this package could all use the camera roll we need to get both permissions and thereafter
close Expo and re scan that barcode here.
Like this and opened is an expo again and now it should work.
So now if we go here and we enter test here and then take an image now I'm asked for whether I want
to grant access and I do and now I'll take this amazing image here which is very meta because I take
a image of the screen where I record that I take an image and I can use that photo.
Here it is and now let's choose a location on the map.
Maybe this one save.
This seems to work or get my current location which I don't want years so I'll just click.
Safe place.
And here it is added you can view it can do the details.
So this seems to work.
And now let me also close this and reopen it so that we see where it was where you stored in a database.
So it should now load displays hopefully and it does and all the data is there.
So this is now our application running on a real iPhone and we fixed this important permission error.
Let's now also run it on an Android device.